Add new API to allow inserter items to be prioritised (#50510)
WordPress/gutenberg: packages/block-editor/src/components/inner-blocks/README.md

-   **Type:** `Function`
-   **Default:** - `undefined`. The placeholder is an optional function that can be passed in to be a rendered component placed in front of the appender. This can be used to represent an example state prior to any blocks being placed. See the Social Links for an implementation example.

> ### `prioritizedInserterBlocks`

Reviewer: do we need to document this somewhere else or is this enough?

Reviewer 2: That's the official docs so I guess that's enough.

-   **Type:** `Array`

> -   **Default:** - `undefined`. Determines which inner blocks should be returned first from the block inserter. For example, when inserting a block within the Navigation Block, `core/navigation-link` and `core/navigation-link/page` are the most commonly used inner blocks. We can use `prioritizedInserterBlocks` to pass these `navigation-link` blocks as an array so they can be returned first by default from the Navigation Block inserter.

Author: ```suggestion
-   **Default:** - `undefined`. Determines which block types should be shown in the block inserter. For example, when inserting a block within the Navigation block we specify `core/navigation-link` and `core/navigation-link/page` as these are the most commonly used inner blocks. `prioritizedInserterBlocks` takes an array of the form {blockName}/{variationName}, where {variationName} is optional.
```
